﻿**CORAL PAMANES**<coral.pamanes@gmail.com> **425-598-4687****Summary of Qualifications**  20+ years of experience implementing a variety of complex technical projectsutilizing ERP Dynamics AX and CRM.Implementations included international clients with operations in Europe, Latin America, Asia and United States.Areas of specialization include business process analysis and mapping andproject management. Excellent skills in implementing complex projects in diversesituations.**Management and Administration Skills**-   Experienced problem solver who enjoys developing creative solutions.-   Well organized and skilled in planning projects.-   Team player who enjoys working in a collaborative environment.-   Also able to work with little direction and under pressure.-   Effective communicator, fluent in Spanish.**Technical Skills and Experience**-   10 + years of experience implementing Dynamics AX since version 3.0.-   Conducted analysis and evaluation needed to develop interfaces between AX    and other systems.-   Deployed solutions or enhancements including setup, training and support.-   Analyzed, designed and developed documentation functional and technical.-   Prepared proof of concept (POC’s), demonstrations or prototypes for    different customers.-   Identified and comprehended process to find fit and gaps.-   Successfully implemented projects in a wide variety of industries including:    Manufacturing, Logistics and Distribution, Aerospace, Financial    Institutions, and Education.-   Dynamics AX Financial modules experience: General ledger, Accounts    receivable, Accounts payable, and Cash & bank management.-   Dynamics AX Trade & Logistics modules experience: Product information    management, Procurement and sourcing, Inventory management, Sales and    marketing.**Work Experience**May 2013-March 2016, **Sr. Consultant,** Microsoft.-   Analyzed and reviewed customer process and architectural product -Puerto    Rico.-   Documented functional and technical requirements– Chile.-   Created and developed test cases – Seattle, WA.-   Configurated system Dynamics 2012 R3 Project management accounting module –    Seattle, WA.-   Conducted Financial workshop – Atlanta GA-   Identified and documented interfaces between Dynamics AX and other systems    –Chile.-   Researched, prepared, and prototyped trade & logistics module configuration    –Mexico.-   Prepared and performed a demonstration (POC) financial module– Ecuador.July 2009-May 2013, **Project Leader,** Grupo Staff Microsoft Partner.-   Led and implemented Dynamics AX 2012 R3, Inventory and warehouse management,    Travel expenses, Procurement and sourcing, Accounts receivable, Sales and    marketing modules.-   Conducted assessment activities with customers, SOW preparations including    architectural and design documents.-   Analyzed, designed, configured Dynamics AX 2012 projects.-   Researched new functionalities of Dynamics AX 2012 R3 for new implementation    project, trained coworkers.-   Led and managed two Dynamics CRM 2011 projects where customer reduced    operations cost (Virtual University) alumni prospection and enterprise    school ships-   Led and planned migration project from AX 3.0 to AX2009 and trained key    users for a company based in France.-   Improved and changed process into corporations located globally, UK, Italy,    France and US, using AX2009.July 2005-May 2009, **IT Manager**, Fruit of The Loom/Russell Athletic.-   Led and reviewed Dynamics AX 4.0 implementation in India.-   Coordinated, trained and planned program to users into AX 3.0.-   Improved and administered systems process.-   Analyzed business process to find opportunity areas into the enterprise    fusion.-   Helped and reviewed Dynamics AX international implementation Australia, New    Zealand, Japan and China.-   Planned, organized, and implemented Dynamics AX 3.0 Mexico City.August 2004-June 2005, **System Supervisor**, Insumos Internacionales.-   Trained users in distribution and sales areas to use the new ERP Solomon    5.0.-   Implemented ERP Solomon 5.0 in just five months.-   Led network implementation at the building for update from 512K to 1MB and    increased the number of users.-   Analyzed different infrastructure resources to update and the compatibility    with the new ERP.-   Administrated and supported active directory, ERP, network and other    systems.**Education**Bachelor Computer Science, Instituto Tecnologico y de Estudios Superiores deMonterrey.**Certifications****Microsoft Certification ID: 8199088**Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 Trade & LogisticsMicrosoft Dynamics AX 2009 FinancialsImplementing Microsoft Azure Infrastructure**Scrum Master Alliance ID: 782009**Certified Scrum Product OwnerCertified Scrum Master